README.md, before:

#Express and Session storage

##Objectives
Students will be able to...
- ... describe the purpose of session storage
- ... mount session middleware in the correct order on an express application
- ... store, retrieve, and transform session data on each request

##What do we need session storage for?
We need session storage as a server-side store of client data.

Specifically, we use it to store data that doesn't need long-term persistence,
but will likely be used again, potentially for the last time, when the same
client makes another HTTP request. We call such data **session data**.

###When would we need to do that?
A highly common use case is user authentication. Rather than requiring the
user to authenticate on a per-request basis, we store their login as session
data and associate it with a session secret, which we then send to the client
as a cookie.

The client then echoes this secret in a `cookie` header on each following HTTP
request, allowing our application to keep the state of their session.

##First things first
Fork and clone this repo, `cd` into the repo's root directory, and run the
following commands:

###Install dependencies
First, install the dependencies already in your `package.json`:
```bash
$ npm install
```

Next, install the centerpiece of this lesson, the `express-session` module:
```bash
$ npm install express-session --save
```

##Code-along
First, we're going to mount our session middleware on our express application.

Next, we will write some routes that generate, store, and transform session
data.

Finally, we will look into storing our session data in an actual database
using the `connect-mongo` module.

As a bonus, if we blaze through this material in record time, we'll might look
into session hijacking.

Commit message:

Add reference to new branch.

README.md, after:

#Express and Session storage

##Objectives
Students will be able to...
- ... describe the purpose of session storage
- ... mount session middleware in the correct order on an express application
- ... store, retrieve, and transform session data on each request

##What do we need session storage for?
We need session storage as a server-side store of client data.

Specifically, we use it to store data that doesn't need long-term persistence,
but will likely be used again, potentially for the last time, when the same
client makes another HTTP request. We call such data **session data**.

###When would we need to do that?
A highly common use case is user authentication. Rather than requiring the
user to authenticate on a per-request basis, we store their login as session
data and associate it with a session secret, which we then send to the client
as a cookie.

The client then echoes this secret in a `cookie` header on each following HTTP
request, allowing our application to keep the state of their session.

##First things first
Fork and clone this repo, `cd` into the repo's root directory, and run the
following commands:

###Install dependencies
First, install the dependencies already in your `package.json`:
```bash
$ npm install
```

Next, install the centerpiece of this lesson, the `express-session` module:
```bash
$ npm install express-session --save
```

##Code-along
First, we're going to mount our session middleware on our express application. For the solution, see branch **mount-middleware**.

Next, we will write some routes that generate, store, and transform session
data.

Finally, we will look into storing our session data in an actual database
using the `connect-mongo` module.

As a bonus, if we blaze through this material in record time, we'll might look
into session hijacking.
